docs: Replace npm run develop with gatsby develop (#12456)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/sourcing-from-netlify-cms.md

      - { name: body, label: Body, widget: markdown }
```

> Then in your terminal run `npm run build` to build the site then `npm run develop` to start the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then in your terminal run `gatsby develop` to start the
```

Reviewer 2: The PR is trying to add documentation for working with Netlify CMS locally(vs a remote CMS with local Gatsby development if I understand correctly. However the author has mistakenly mixed up build/serve calls as build/develop (which afaik invalidates the build output?).

It should be left as it was previously, with a comment linking to the docs the author provided here, or otherwise mention the build/serve workflow when using Netlify CMS locally? (I might have misunderstood the linked docs, I don't use Netlify CMS, but the instructions clearly make a distinction between develop and build/serve).
